### v3.0.0

[2020.07.20; Maikuolan] First stable release for the phpMussel v3 Front-End.

__*Why "v3.0.0" instead of "v1.0.0?"*__ Prior to phpMussel v3, the "phpMussel Core", "phpMussel CLI-mode", "phpMussel Front-End", and "phpMussel Uploads Handler" ("phpMussel Web") were all bundled together as a single repository (phpMussel/phpMussel). Since phpMussel v3, these each all have their own, separate repositories. I've opted to start releases at this repository (phpMussel/FrontEnd) at *v3.0.0*, in order to avoid confusion with previous versions of the "phpMussel Front-End" which exist outside this repository.

### v3.0.1

[2020.07.31; Maikuolan]: Improved the way that the (generated by ...) notice, displayed at the footer of HTML pages, is rendered.

[2020.08.04; Maikuolan]: Addressed a potential compatibility problem with installations where PHP has its output proxied through to a different host. Also slightly improved the aesthetics of the front-end, and changed the logout link to a logout button.

[2020.10.08; Maikuolan]: Added some 'copy to clipboard' buttons to the homepage and statistics page.

[2020.10.09; Maikuolan]: Aesthetic patch + added a new theme.

### v3.1.0

[2020.10.30; Maikuolan]: Redesigned the login pips and refactored some CSS.

[2020.10.30; New Feature; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to specify a custom assets path to the instantiated FrontEnd object.

[2020.11.27; Maikuolan]: Some minor code-style cleanup.

[2020.12.04; Maikuolan]: Maintenance release (dependencies update, repository cleanup, etc).

### v3.1.1

[2021.01.10; Maikuolan]: Separated the code for performing outbound requests through cURL out to its own independent class.

[2021.02.05; Maikuolan]: The default timeout for external requests is now configurable.

[2021.02.05; Maikuolan]: The preview text next to the input fields on the configuration page didn't quite align properly; Fixed.

[2021.02.07; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to hide the phpMussel version used.

[2021.02.20; Maikuolan]: Sync common classes package.

### v3.1.2

[2021.03.11; Maikuolan]: Added some missing return type declarations.

[2021.04.27; Maikuolan]: Removed the default username/password tip from the front-end login page.

[2021.05.01; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Log truncation not being calculated properly; Fixed.

[2021.05.07; Maikuolan]: Very slightly reworked/improved the front-end CSS.

[2021.06.06; Maikuolan]: Reworked checkbox support for the front-end configuration page in preparation for some future configuration directives.

### v3.2.0

[2021.06.07; Maikuolan]: Since v3, the "repository backup locations" are kind of useless (not linked up with Composer, and only providing metapackage data, rather than all the attached repositories/packages). Removed those links from the front-end home page and v3 documentation accordingly.

[2021.06.08; Maikuolan]: Subtle aesthetic patch.

[2021.09.09; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: The front-end signature information page reported the wrong counts for unidentified or other under the signature vendor or source counts; Fixed.

[2021.10.30; Maikuolan]: Code-style cleanup: Public before private properties, magic before public before private methods.

[2021.10.30; Maikuolan]: Removed a useless method (sendEmail, did nothing, used nowhere).

[2021.10.31; New Feature; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to segregate cache data on the basis of prefixes specified by the instance. This could be useful for when different installations are utilising the same caching mechanisms at the same server.

### v3.2.1

[2021.11.27; Maikuolan]: At the front-end configuration page, configuration directives relying on specific extensions (specifically, at this time, the supplementary cache options) will now include a notice as to whether the extensions relied upon are available.

[2022.01.22; Maikuolan]: Dropped Gitter chat in favour of using GitHub Discussions instead.

### v3.2.2

[2022.02.01; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Failed to correctly determine the client's IP address under certain circumstances (e.g., multiple choices available via HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR); Fixed.

[2022.02.14; Maikuolan]: Maintenance release.

### v3.2.3

[2022.03.24; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Fixed a bottleneck in the scan process caused by the readFileBlocks method (phpMussel/phpMussel#231).

### v3.2.4

[2022.04.26; Maikuolan]: Added a JavaScript warning to the front-end login.

[2022.05.02; Maikuolan]: Front-end warnings have been hidden from non-logged in users.

[2022.05.04; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Session cache entries weren't being deleted correctly when logging out; Fixed.

[2022.05.08; Maikuolan]: Restored the "logged in" notice shown for currently logged-in accounts at the front-end accounts page (this feature has long since already existed for v1 and v2, but had been removed at the v3 branch).

[2022.05.08; Maikuolan]: Made the warnings/notices at the front-end accounts page slightly smaller.

[2022.05.26; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Instead of "GMT", the "Last modified" header given for front-end assets specified "+0000", which some browsers don't understand properly; Fixed.

[2022.06.09; Maikuolan]: Following symlinks for RecursiveDirectoryIterator instances enabled.

[2022.06.17; Maikuolan]: Slightly improved RTL support.

[2022.07.17; Maikuolan]: Added a warning to the cache data page regarding logging all users out when clearing all cache data.

[2022.07.21; Maikuolan]: Coloured the "delete" option available at various dropdown menus red, to make it stand out a little from the other options.

[2022.07.23; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to reset specific parts of the configuration back to their defaults.
